The composition of Alexander Belenov Gate Kuban
protects 23 number field players
4 on windows 10 balls carpets from the stands
priests can turn out pretty dangerous
now i'm teaching people like was going
join martial arts but in the end so
not yielded and priests unimpeded
bell
once again we are watching this moment but duritsa
it was not easy to decide to fight back
here at risky it was a maneuver yes and
besides, the locomotive remembers that
the right wing goes ahead locomotive
shishkin
Wow, what a hit Vitaly Denisov everyone was waiting for
that the ball is necessary and falls Denis
got close to there
on Kuban priests great Niagara pass
to solder
he wanted
is taken show us victor and daughters
wino
happy
important emotions he feels mattress
little Belarusian tutor fists
but immediately came back to
state of focus
the driver will play a less look
priests sped up here bypassed just
opornikov locomotives
let's see who it was there for a bit
pushed into the back of Taras Mihalik and
it was enough to cut it off
from the sword well, and then the priests are very clear
neither are there any games between
nut on how much I can judge cq Alice
groove hit by cabaret beats and
one of the locomotive players is substituted
still corner will be good at first
Kuban time is sufficiently collected
collective of this one football and that
I can’t say the same locomotive
This bangs head laid and where to fly
the ball has a smaller body under the crossbar
by the way
filing is still becoming 2
five
with standard human position
but they drown
per hour and the group gets going
yes yes yes that does not make noise one more football player
from dawn come
Unlike
but nothing bought
the match of this remains her without services
forwards but honestly here i'm not even
I know what to comment on the extreme naive
game of football players locomotive shishkin i'm
toy were next to tony shuni than but both
meant only this struggle and
really nothing to it do not interfere with you Denisov
give us
Maicon and this is a penalty
Vladislav bezborodov points to the point
and in vain now shadow which
receives a yellow card indicates that
football outside the penalty area here
so here is the motive to play a little here
heels created such a dangerous breakthrough and
fresh mike he earned of course foul
was in the penalty was what rushan gave so
cheating course background was in the penalty
square and it's foul
what are you giving us google the most angle
He directs the ball Belenov guessing
direction but do not stretch for the sword
managed to make a goal with the team
missed penalty actually on
example of the locomotive itself we have seen already
recently see how it will survive
Kuban
uranium and so it is
everything to you starts some kind of hassle with
dill out of the blue
already signaled to replace well here
this is extreme nonsense
degree what you did now
from there remove hot Ossetian blood
boil what made it extremely secular
stages of dullness
your team is conducting a replacement here
rushed and Guilherme and whose repchenko and
the reason is because without them as if not
will understand billions speaks well
in Russian so he can probably
I myself explain sergey bones that he
thinks that even at headquarters even
the trainer of the locomotive is already something can not
share with the Kuban trainers
Now we will probably see it with you
bezborodov I follow the cards yellow
angle am yellow whose hands are not yellow secu
and secu get red
but I said what I said very much to me
nothing to add